# Research_Paper
1. Classification Paper 
This paper aims to address most popular and interesting problem from the field of classification. Choosing a suitable classifier for a given problem which itself has been a challenging problem that typically requires experimentation with different classification techniques. In our work, we try to address this question by investigating any relation that may exist between the dataset characteristics and classifier bias. Specifically, in our study, we categorize datasets based on their inherent Characteristics like imbalanced, missing value, noise, and different sizes of the datasets and investigate the performance of two classes of classifiers - five Machine Learning and five Statistical Learning classifiers. Machine Learning techniques scored over Statistical techniques in five categories out of seven categories of the datasets. Multilayer Perceptron was found to be the most robust classifiers in the class of machine learning classifiers and Bayes Net was found to be the most robust classifiers in the class of Statistical Learning classifiers.

2. Survey Paper
Consumer plays an important role in the successful achievement of organizational goals. According to the new concept of marketing[1],consumers act as a king around which all the business activities rotate. This paper aims to analyze the factors that influence consumers to purchase a mobile phones. This survey paper studies the various attributes through which consumers decision of buying a product fluctuates. The data is collected by conducting a survey questionnaire method in which the sample of 100 consumers recorded and out of 100, 70 were extracted using simple random sampling method for the purpose of analysis. The extracted data has been analyzed by applying mathematical operations like frequency distribution, percentage and visualized with the help of graphs.
